# Documentation
This repository contains the documentation of [Social Library](https://github.com/sociallibrary/social-library)

## Vocabulary
- Application: The project Social Library can be named as application or web site in the documentation of the project.
- Media type: A media type is a category of an object such as DVDs, Books, Money...
- Object: an object is like in the real world a simple object like a coin, a book, a DVD, a picture...
- User: An user is someone registered on Social Library.
- Web site: see "Application".

## Specifications

### User
+ EXI_USER_001: An username, an email address, a password and full name are required.
+ EXI_USER_002: Country and city can be filled in.
+ EXI_USER_003: No research can be done on the users.
+ EXI_USER_004: Invitations can be sent via an email address.
+ EXI_USER_005: When 2 users are linked on the site, they can only see the full name as personnal data.

### Media
+ EXI_MEDIA_001: An object has a name, a creator and a picture.
+ EXI_MEDIA_002: If no picture is submitted, then the default media one is displayed.
+ EXI_MEDIA_003: Each kind of media defines the name of an object (for example: DVD --> title + subtitle; Manga --> serie title + volume number + volume title)
+ EXI_MEDIA_004: All objects of all medias are visible to everyone, registered on the web site or not.
+ EXI_MEDIA_005: Each object can have one or multiple owners.

### Management
+ EXI_MAN_001: An user can own multiple copies of an object.
+ EXI_MAN_002: An ownership of an object is registered in the web site by date and time of the begin of the property and ends with date and time.
+ EXI_MAN_003: An user can lent an object only if he owns it.
+ EXI_MAN_004: An user can ask to borrow an object only to a friend that owns it. This action is timestamped.
+ EXI_MAN_005: An user can accept or refuse the demand to borrow. This action is timestamped.
+ EXI_MAN_006: An user can mark an object "lent" with or without a demand of borrow. This action is timestamped.
+ EXI_MAN_007: If the action of lentinf is after a request and the borrower is declared as a friend, the borrower must then confirm the act of lenting. This action is timestamped.
+ EXI_MAN_008: When the object is returned to the owner, he can declared it as such. When the borrower is declared as a friend, he can declare it as returned and the owner has to confirm or decline. Those actions are timestamped.
+ EXI_MAN_009: An user has the possibility to declare an object already registered on the web site as his own. This action is timestamped.
+ EXI_MAN_010: An user has the possibility to unregister an object as his property. This action is timestamped.
+ EXI_MAN_011: An user can see the objects of a friend per media type.

### Technical
+ EXI_TECH_001: The application must be available 24/7.
+ EXI_TECH_002: The application must be accessible on computers, laptops, mobile phones and tablets.
+ EXI_TECH_003: An user can download a file containing the historical of all his belongings per media type. 
+ EXI_TECH_004: An user can download a file containing his actual belongings per media type.
+ EXI_TECH_005: All files generated by the application must be in an open standard.